Shopping List App



Read ME



Table Of Content



Usage
Setting 
F.A.Q
Contributions




Usage:
1.1 . The App opens in the View List of Category page. 

1.2.  In Order to Create a List, Press the Add Button which will pop up a list creating page. Enter  the Name for your list. Then Press Save

1.2.1. In case you misspelled the name for the you can click the edit button to change the name of   the list.

1.3.   After Creating a list. Click it to be taken to the Add Item Page.

1.4.   you can add item which you wish to buy in your created list. Click the + button which will take you to the creation page of Item.

1.5.   Here enter the name for your Items, along with other details such as quantity, price and note if you wish to. Then press the save button to save the item in your list.

1.6. If you wish to know the details you wrote for the item click on the item for which you want to see the detail of. There will be an Edit Button on Top-Right Corner, If you wish to edit the item detail

1.7. The Items which you have bought can be deleted by swiping them to the right.



Settings
2.1. From the Creating List page (Home Page). You can access the User Setting.

2.2.  In the Settings the user can change appearance for the app in-between Light Mode and Dark Mode.

2.3. The User can switch the notification On or Off.

Miscellaneous: 

In order to implement the "edit category" functionality, the segue from the TableViewCell with the identifier "ListCellIdentifier" must be linked to the Navigation Controller of the NewListTableViewController.



F.A.Q:
3.1. App Crashes when you try to write an alphabet inside the Quantity or Price. To solve this just close and 

relaunch the app. And be sure to not use Alphabets inside Quantity or Price Section of the item.



Contributions:


The main features included in the app are:

View List of category(+ delete if applicable)
View List of items for selected category(+ Delete if applicable)
Add/Edit an Item
Add/Edit new category
View Details of selected Item
Update user settings


A total of 3 members worked on this project, and each member implemented 2 features:



Abdulla

View List of Category(+Delete if applicable)
Update User Settings

Husain 
Add/Edit new Category
View List of items for selected Category(+Delete if applicable)

Khizar
Add/Edit an Item
View Details of Selected Item